Ship System Stuff:
- Configure AI threat indicators for ship systems
- Make the AM canisters go vaguely in the direction of the nearest threat instead of being completely random
- Write custom quantum disruptor AI

Misc Stuff:
- Calculate effective DPS of soft flux vs. high compared to vs. low tech for my own sanity
- STRINGS - writing theme: from the perspective of a vanilla faction assessing the ship

Aesthetic Stuff:
- Use fade engines to color function to make them change color randomly in combat - blue blinker color and orange technobullshit color
- Implement glowmaps for blinkers and friends

Generic AI Stuff:
- Improve venting behavior - needs to use starficz' calculate incoming damage utility
- Figure out how to fix the issue with carriers getting stuck in a flux dissipation loop
- Alter squall weapons.csv data - DO NOT USE VS FRIGATES, and USE VS SHIELDS?
- Alter breach SRMs behavior
Campaign Stuff:
- Make a placeholder faction with the fleets randomly patrolling near caches
- Add songs

Art Her Stuff:
- Really Converted Hangars
- Export, Pirate, Path skin variants
- Hullmod icons
- Make the sensor get blown

Post-Release Stuff:
- crew overflow marginally improves PPT and module repair speed (enemies always get full crew lol)
- global combatplugin for RTS mode
    5% range?
    very good autofire accuracy?
    25% less recoil?
    free target anal?
- some sort of ship marriage system to capture the hearts and dicks of redditors
- Script to make weapons look nice in the refit screen
- Combat warning noise for missiles hitting your flagship
- Make sure the forum download link is hidden behind a simple riddle
- When a fleet contests your salvage, options are: Fight them, split it, pay them off, threaten them, or leverage your faction rep (either it being high or low!)

investigate stasis field for support destroyer - use custom data like on quantum disruptor, check if you can modify timescale on projectiles, cope with modifying velocity speed and maneuverability if not
return customdata to quantum disruptor, alter stats to have very short duration, scale its range based on the optimal range of installed weapons
morphic cascade - rebalances ship's armor. generates hard flux based on amount of armor regenerated. Implement emp arcs, custom AI, make sure it's unusable if the armor grid is fully balanced
have arthr whip up a version of the capital that doesn't have canisters
implement carrier shipsystem - generates hardflux, instantly restores some fighter replacement rate, smoke comes from bays, can also restore missiles, use the restoration costs of missile autoloader
use orange as my "high-tech bullshit" color - emp arcs, hexshields, venting, etc
compose ship name string file
lunalib compatibility
interfere with commissioned crews and substance abuse

modify tags on various vanilla weapons to improve AI behavior

move custom AI to not be a hullmod anymore

figure out some way to make my ships stop trying to rotate their armor
custom reaper AI that makes them not eat ass, alternatively dragoncocks
if carriers have defensive targeting array, tag them as COMBAT and NO AUTO ESCORT (but also verify whether this is even necessary)

Marr
Ontos
Helion
Parhelion
Excision

Corona
Beacon
Serenity
Absolver
Oculus
Patron
Solace
Restorer
Salvation
Oblivion

in my discord, have a bot command that mutes your target for 5 minutes at the cost of muting you for 10 minutes

Weapon ideas:
Small size dragoncock: 6 OP, 1 ammo
Small size graviton lance: Kinetic support beam that just does a bunch of soft flux to shields in a quick burst
Medium size antimatter canister launcher: like an energy damage PCL that saturates an area with lower hit strength

Add another fighter:
5 OP, 4 heavily shielded support fighters, each armed with an advanced optics graviton lance and a PD laser.

Base faction tech hullmod is incompatible with HSA, converted hangar, and safety overrides. Faction hullmod ideas:
Additional Spall Protection: 2/4/6/12, 25% improved fragmentation resistance and reduced crew casualties. For niche fits that have to deal with modded nonsense.
Ancillary Beam Pumps: 3/6/9/15, Beams do 50% more damage and generate 25% more flux. Reduces the portion of beam range past 500 range by 50%. Compatible with advanced optics.
External Hangar: 5/10/15/20, Adds a hangar bay. Fighters are unable to be sent to engage enemies. Incompatible with bombers. Fighter restoration speed 0/50/100/150% by hull size.
Hardline Capacitor Dump: 4/8/16/24, while venting flux dissipation is increased by 2% of the ship's maximum flux capacity.

Shipsystem ideas:
Temporal Shell: It's temporal shell.
^ Done
Canister Antimatter: Canflak except energy damage.
^ Done
Morphic Armor: Toggle system, rebalances the ship's armor grid. Generates flux based on shield upkeep and amount of armor HP rebalanced.
^ Done?
Auxiliary Nanoforge: Restores 10% fighter replacement rate, or 2 reload cost worth of missiles rounded up. Restores the lower one proportionally. Stores 3 charges, generates 25% base cap hardflux on use.
^ Next.
Stasis Field: Reduces the timeflow of everything in the vicinity by 25%.
